Dormitory, can I see your jade pendant?
Lao Han
How did it go?
It is indeed the master's jade pendant.
But Yechen also has a piece
Although somewhat different
But it can be seen that
We share the same ancestry
Lao Han, what do you mean?
Please show me the Taixuan Sutra
You two believe it
Don't believe it
Why should I show you both?
Old Han, do you really think that straw bag night minister
It's our little master
The stakes are high
You have to be careful.
It doesn't seem to be the ancestral inheritance of the Cheng Ye family
It's got to go faster.
Han Sanqian has doubts about me
If I can't prove it for a long time
Chen Yilong won't believe me either
Once the matter is exposed
Vengeance of the Temple of the Kings
Even the Su family of elves can't bear it
If the God King Temple also fully supports Ye Chan
Then go